Drat.
- Hello?
- Hello, sweetie.
Daddy.
It's early.
Yeah, I know. I just wanted to let
you know I'm sending you something.
- Mmm. Does it smell nice?
- No. But it's sparkly.
Does it have a receipt?
I'm sending it
to you from the store.
Why don't you just come by, and
we'll have some breakfast, huh?
Well, it'd be a long trip.
I'm in Venice.
- With your parole officer's approval, of course?
- Well, I like the guy, Stella,
but we never really connected, so I
think I've paid my P.O. his last visit.
What are you into, Dad?
Don't break my heart.
- You told me you were through.
- After this, I am. I swear to you.
- Is Charlie there?
- I'm on a cell phone, darling.
I'll call you tomorrow
from a landline.
I love you.
Go back to sleep. Bye.
Da... Dad?
I love you too.
- I sent it.
- You're supposed to do your shopping after the job.
I feel so optimistic.
Oh?
How do you feel?
Fine.
Fine? You know what "fine" stands
for, don't you? Yeah. Unfortunately.
Freaked out.
Insecure.
Neurotic.
And emotional.
See those columns behind you?
What about 'em?
That's where they used to string
up thieves who felt "fine."
Well, after you.
For after the haul.
Hope I get to fire it up.
Still no word from the garbagemen?
No. If they're no-shows,
three months of prep down the tubes, and I
dragged you out of retirement for nothin'.
Now, this is fun. I like this. You
takin' over the reins, all the worries.
- Me, loosey-goosey, just along for the ride.
- Glad you're enjoying yourself.
Just remember. A police boat can get from
the station to our position in seven.
That means you got four minutes to work
your magic. You told me ten and five.
When?
Do not be messin' with me right now, okay?
I will kick your ass.
Oh, yeah? Come on. Take your best shot.
Come on.
What?
Come on. Let's go.
What is it this time?
Da Vinci. Architect.
Engineer. Painter.
Yeah. Fascinating. Hey, look. Check this
out. "Learn the language of poetry",
art, romance, sex."
Unlike you, my friend, I don't need
a guidebook. Can we go, please?
Right, Gov'nor.
Come along. Make yourself useful.
Untie that line.
Today.
Yeah.
Yeah, Gilligan.
If you don't mind.
We set? Yeah. I've enhanced
the viewing matrix...
to track both the Cartesian coordinates
and three altitude angles...
the yaw, pitch and roll... to give us the
exact position and orientation of our baby.
- We're in Italy. Speak English.
- Steve, how we lookin'?
Papa took the boat to work at
8:15, so the garage is empty.
Mama left with daughter at
8:30 for preschool as usual,
so for the next 45 minutes,
we own this place, gentlemen.
- No word from the garbagemen?
- Who got you the beekeepers in Budapest?
They'll be there.
You can trust these guys.
Steve, how
many times do I have to tell you?
I trust everyone. I just don't
trust the devil inside them.
We're in.
Just tell me where to paint.
- Your men are still not in position?
- They will be.
- You don't know that, Steve. We should abort.
- I'm sorry, John,
but I think
that's Charlie's call now.
Our baby's being taken out of here tonight.
This is our only shot at it.
- Charlie?
- Keep going?
- It's up to you, kid.
- Let's go.
Okay, Steve.
From the west wall,
measure 14 feet, eight inches.
- Got it.
- Now measure eight feet, five inches...
from the north wall... that's the
northwest corner of our baby.
- Got it.
- Well, it's right above you.
[Announcer Speaking Excitedly
In Italian]
Now paint
two feet, nine inches wide,
two feet, five inches deep.
Okay, Left Ear.
You're up.
Fourteen feet, four inches
from that west wall.
Yeah?
Bène.
The garbagemen
are in position, John.
All right,
Charlie. Someone just called it in.
The police boat's headin' your way.
Seven minutes and countin'.
Let's go.
We got four minutes to load and leave.
Let's go!
Ahh!
♪
Hey, you guys. Come here.
I wanna propose a toast.
To us. Yeah!
And I wanna propose a toast to Charlie, because
we just stole $35 million worth of gold...
without even holding a gun because
he planned this down to a "T."
Nobody else could've
done that, nobody. Charlie!
Charlie! Thank you.
So come on, gentlemen. Shopping list.
Who's doin' what?
Spare no dirty details.
Come on, you guys.
Take a lesson from an old man.
Don't spend it. Invest.
In what?
In gold.
Let's figure out how to get
out of here first, all right?
- What are you gettin', Rob?
- There's a lot you can buy.
- I'm just thinkin' about naked girls and leather seats.
- Obviously. See?
I suppose I'd
get the Aston Martin Vanquish.
There's not a lot a girl won't do on the
passenger seat of one of those things.
I'm gonna get a NAD-T 770 digital decoder
with 70-watt amps and Burr-Brown DACs.
- Yeah.
- A big stereo. Speakers so loud they blow women's clothes off.
- Now you're talkin'.
- Thirty-five million dollars.
You can't get more creative than that, man?
I'm goin' to Andalusia, south of Spain.
Get me a big house. Get me a
library full of first editions,
get a room for my shoes.
- How 'bout you, Steve?
- I don't know. I haven't decided yet.
You haven't decided yet? Come on.
Is it the mountain air, or just...
I liked what you said. I'll
take one of each of yours.
Well, two of everything for Steve.
Two of those.
Oi!
Loved the toast. But you could've
pulled this off with your eyes closed.
Nah. You were incredible,
just incredible.
You saw the whole picture.
You covered all the angles.
You know, Charlie, there are two
kinds of thieves in this world:
The ones who steal
to enrich their lives...
and the ones who steal
to define their lives.
Don't be the latter. Makes you miss out
on what's really important in this life.
What are you talkin' about, John?
You've been a good father.
Sitting in prisons doesn't
make you a good father.
I spent half my kid's life
in prison.
Don't get to be my age with
nothin' but this, Charlie.
Find somebody you wanna spend
the rest of your life with,
then hold onto her forever.
Okay? Hey!
- Let's go! I'm freezin' my ass off!
- Yeah.
Steve's gettin' cold.
You too?
I'm all right.
I love you, kid. You did really great.
Thanks, John.
Let's go.
♪ Money ♪
♪ It's a gas ♪
♪ Grab that cash with both
hands and make a stash ♪
♪ New
car, caviar four-star daydream ♪
You should've seen Rob behind the wheel
of that boat. He was like Don Johnson.
- Oh, yeah. From Brixton. -
- What do you know about Brixton, mate?
Look at this idiot. Right
in the middle of the road.
Who's that? What's this?
What's this?
Who the hell are these guys?
Hey!
- Take your hands off the wheel.
- Steve!
Don't even think about it.
Just do it.
Andiamo! Andiamo!
- No, no, no, no, John.
- Steve, what the hell are you doin'?
I made a few plans of my own.
There's nowhere you can go where we
won't find you, Steve. You know that.
I think that's probably right, John.
Go! Go!
Charlie.
We've gotta go, Charlie.
- You always work in the dark?
- It makes me feel like I'm alone.
Not bad. Not bad, Stella.
Damn. Perely couldn't crack that safe.
Neither could Spears.
Now you know who to call first.
You're expensive, Stella.
Those guys cut us a break on subpoena
jobs, good will, community service.
I do it for the money, Paul.
I'll be sending you a bill.
- Don't you wanna see what's inside?
- I never look inside.
Have a good day. Hey, George.
Hey, Stella.
♪ I came, I saw
I kicked some ass ♪
♪ The pain I cause
it makes me laugh ♪
♪ I feel strange to have
time for the little things ♪
♪ Damn, if I thought that you would change
and my life wouldn't stay the same ♪
♪ A thing will come and a thing will
fall and one thing I know fo' "sho" ♪
♪ Is there a "wreckoning"
a "wreckoning" ♪
♪ A "wreckoning"
before you die ♪
♪ A "wreckoning," a "wreckoning"
a "wreckoning" before you die ♪
How long to crack it?
Four minutes and 43 seconds.
Ohh! You're the man.
What's on the lineup?
Todd Milliken called. He has a prototype
combination lock he wants you to test out.
He says he added two false
contact points on the tumbler.
I'll pretend to be stumped for a
couple of seconds, give him a thrill.
And there's a Charlie Croker in your
office. Says you two know each other.
Charlie Croker.
Hey, Stella.
Didn't I tell you
I never wanna see you again?
I think it was when you told me how my
father died right in front of your eyes...
after you pulled him in for one last job.
We found him, Stella.
He's in Los Angeles.
The gold bricks he stole from us had
a Balinese dancer stamped on them.
I just got word from a contact called Skinny Pete
that a dealer out in L.A.'s been buyin' those.
Yeah?
How do you know it's him?
Skinny Pete sent me this.
Steve changed his last name
to Frezelli.
- Why are you telling me this?
- I've been checking databases of high-end safe companies.
Found out Steve had a Worthington
1000 delivered to his home office.
You don't install a Worthington unless
you've got something really big to guard.
- No, you don't.
- Problem is no one on my crew can handle Steve's safe.
- I need somebody I can trust.
- I'm a professional safe and vault technician, not a thief.
Hey, it's not about the gold, Stella, okay?
John was like a father to me too.
Look. I'm sorry, all right? I just can't
move on until I've set things right.
I've moved on.
Come on, Charlie. Come on.
Hello?
I wanna see the look on that man's
face when his gold is gone.
He took my father from me.
I'm taking this.
- She's in.
- That's a good thing.
It's a very good thing. She can crack the
Worthington 1000 without even flinching.
I'm not sure having a civilian on
the crew's a good idea, Charlie.
She's got the skills. She's
got the motivation. Exactly.
She's emotional. You know what
happens when emotion gets into it.
Look. Don't kid yourself, all right?
We're all emotional on this one.
Let's go.
Are you ready?
Course I am.
You're not ready.
That was quick.
Where are they?
We're a little early. I didn't expect
us to get here quite that fast.
There. That's Lyle.
He's my computer genius.
You know, he's who really invented Napster?
At least that's how Lyle tells it.
He said Shawn Fanning was his roommate
in college and stole his idea.
♪
I think it's his first time
riding that bike, though.
Hey.
Oop. Oh... Ooh!
- You okay?
- Yeah. Mm-hmm.
That's Left Ear.
Demolition and explosives.
When he was 10, he put one too
many M-80s in the toilet bowl.
♪ Rise up ♪
Whoa!
That was cool. How did you do that?
What?
- How did you do that?
- What?
- I said, how did you do that?
Lost the hearing in his right
ear. He's been blowin' stuff up ever since.
Handsome Rob. Premier wheelman.
Once drove all the way...
from Los Angeles just so he could set
the record for longest freeway chase.
♪ You're a heartbreaker dream maker,
love taker ♪ He got 110 love letters...
sent to his jail cell from women who saw him
on the news. ♪ Don't mess around with me ♪
♪ You're a heartbreaker
dream maker ♪
♪ Love taker don't you
mess around no, no, no ♪
And you? I never heard
how you got your start.
Me? Well, I've been a thief
since I had baby teeth.
Okay. You
both know what to do.
Cough it up now.
♪ Come on, now ♪
♪ Shake it, shake it, baby ♪
♪ One, two, three, baby
♪ Ooh! Watch it, spaz!
- ♪ Doe, ray, me, baby ♪
- What's your problem, man?
♪ "A," "B," "C," it's easy It's
like counting up to three ♪
Guys.
Hey, Charlie.
Good to see you, man.
Yeah.
Charlie.
Good to see you.
Hello, Charlie. Rob, what's up?
You good?
Guys, Stella Bridger.
Hi.
How you doin'? Nice to meet you.
Phones?
Yeah. They're all fresh and clean.
I got internal chips in 'em.
Please change 'em twice a day or
we will get heat on the line.
I.D.s?
"James Hymen"? Come on, man.
One time, give me a cool name.
- 140 pounds? Try 165.
- Try lifting weights.
Try lifting up these. Guys, enough.
Come on. We leave tomorrow, all right?
Let's go. Hey, Charlie?
Handsome, will you
help him with the bike?
Yeah. Help Knievel
set up for his next jump.
♪ Like a sound you hear
that lingers in your ear ♪
♪ But you can't forget from
sundown to sunset no, no ♪
♪ It puts a brand-new kind
of thinkin' in your mind ♪
♪ And you can't go wrong 'Cause
you're groovin' all day long ♪
♪ California soul
♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ California soul ♪
Man, out of all the
places for a thief to hide,
this joker picked Hollywood.
- He's a punk, man. He's stupid.
- All right.
We need to figure a way to get into Steve's
house and make a video blueprint of the interior.
I want audio surveillance on his phone.
I've been wanting to crack...
into the phone company's remote
monitoring system and fool it...
into thinking there's a
legal tap on the line.
Just reroute digital copies of the calls to
our own listening post. Been doing it to my ex.
How long? No. How long will it take, not
how long have you been doin' it to your ex.
I'll burn through the night.
I'll have it runnin' by morning.
- Sorry I'm late.
- We gotta work on gettin' Steve out of the house.
- Stella, how much time do you need with the Worthington?
- Five minutes flat.
Don't be cocky, young lady. It's not the
same as opening a safe for the police.
Perspiration on your fingertips.
Your heart's pounding in your ears.
Whole different ball game.
I appreciate your concern.
I'll be fine.
Just remember. This is all the easy part,
okay? It's the getaway that can get us caught.
- So what's the schedule?
- We drive to Union Station.
The getaway car goes right onto the train
with us. We need to know exactly how long...
it's gonna take to get from
Steve's house to Union Station.
Oh, great.
Carson Security System.
How good is it?
Carson's held an annual contest. $50,000
to anybody that can bypass the system.
A who's who of ex-cons always show up.
Five years running, no one's been paid.
Okay, party people.
Here's the status.
It's an anti-scaling fence. It's
hardened, electroplated steel.
Yeah. I'm gonna have to paint
that up with some Nitramine.
- Security on the property?
- Got an armed guard here, little rent-a-cop...
with a nine-millimeter
on his hip.
But that booth... security booth
look prime for a chemical grenade.
Nitramine? Chemical grenades? That
stuff's pretty hard to come by.
Yeah, Lyle.
It's a bear market.
Shit.
This dude got dogs.
I don't do dogs. I had a
real bad experience, man.
- What happened?
- I had a bad experience.
Damn it. I'm deaf.
You turn in your badge
and your weapon. Oh, shit.
You turn
in your badge and your weapon.
Crush. I don't wanna see you
anywhere near this investigation!
- - And turn in your badge...
- and your weapon.
I don't wanna see you anywhere
near this investigation.
- Oi! It's a green! -
- Turn in your badge and weapon.
- Green!
- I don't wanna see you anywhere near this... Oh.
Turn in
your badge and your weapon.
Unbelievable.
There he is.
Let's get to work.
It's either bad traffic,
peak traffic
or slit-your-wrist traffic.
You know, five people died from smoking
in between traffic lights today.
Well, you know, they do have a good
metro rail, Rob. You could always use that.
That'd be ideal for carrying a ton
of gold, wouldn't it, genius?
What's your "guesstimate"? The last
20 times I've done the journey,
you got an average of 32
minutes and a top time of 50.
But, if we had green lights all the
way, we could do it in 14 minutes.
Wait. You couldn't
get through traffic?
Oh.
We could do anything with
green lights all the way.
- Lyle?
I'll see what I can do.
You're right on time.
All these poor bastards out there,
putting their life's savings in banks...
and S&Ls and mutual funds.
How do they think? When the collapse
comes, they can depend on the government?
I don't think so.
Are you taping me?
Of course not. I never tape you.
Come look. See for yourself.
Governments are nothing more
than puppets and strings.
In the world where NAFTA can
overrule the Supreme Court...
Like my cousin Mashkov always says,
"This is our only refuge, baby.
Gold."
Every time I look at these
engravings... She's so beautiful.
- Where'd you say you got these?
- I didn't.
A little "walking around" money.
I guess I'm not walkin' as
far as I thought. I'm sorry.
- I can only buy two bricks from you today.
- That wasn't the agreement.
What can I say? I'm just middleman.
I'll buy the other two on Wednesday.
Don't waste my time, Yevhen.
So what does a man with $35
million worth of gold do at night?
He watches his big-ass TV.
That's our in.
Stella.
Jesus! Charlie!
How did you get in here? Well, I
knocked, but you didn't answer.
- So you just let yourself in?
- I was just making sure you were okay. I apologize.
I just... I...
Don't look.
Okay.
You have a lot of stuff here. You
know, your dad was old school.
- He did the whole thing by touch.
- That worked for him.
This works for me. Technology guarantees
speed and accuracy, you know?
Yeah, but there's no guarantees
in this business, Stella.
Why the headphones?
Just training myself.
Ambient noises,
you know. Just in case.
What do you want, Charlie?
We're gonna knock out Steve's cable,
and we need to send in a repairman.
To get your video blueprint
of the interior. Yep.
Only problem is,
Steve thinks we're all dead.
Except me.
I'll do it, Charlie. I'm in... all the way.
Whatever it takes.
All right. I'll set it up. Okay.
Um, you, um, maybe wanna get a drink
downstairs with me before I go back to my room?
I should finish this stuff up, you know?
Just get it all done tonight.
Yeah. Sorry
I scared you.
It's okay.
- Good night.
- Bye.
And then he's the media darling,
on the cover of all the magazines.
I should've been on the cover of Wired
magazine. You know what he said?
He said he named it Napster because it was
his nickname 'cause of the nappy hair.
But he... It's 'cause I was napping
when he stole it from me.
He didn't even graduate.
I think it's time to move on, don't you? They
shut him down. I wish they'd do the same to you.
Here. Here we go.
Cable chick.
Huh. "Becky."
Nice name. I wonder what
she calls the other one.
And it's such a mystery why you
don't have a girlfriend, Lyle.
So all we need is a service truck
like that one, a work shirt like hers.
You think Stella can pull it off?
I have my doubts.
Mmm. But there's no talkin'
to Charlie, though.
You think he's
mixing business with pleasure?
Yeah. He should know better.
Only I'm allowed to do that.
Right. Where you goin'? To get a
work shirt and a service truck.
Are you kiddin' me?
How does he do that? How do you do that?
What are you sayin'?
- Hey, how are you?
- Oh, I'm good.
I'm good. Nice to meet you.
I'm Handsome Rob. And you are?
Oh, my name's Becky,
but it's written on my shirt.
Listen. I'm gonna need
your shirt and your truck.
Perfect. I'll give 'em both to
you. Would you like my virginity as well?
If it's on the menu.
You're so witty. Why
don't you take advantage of me?
Yeah. You're not too bright,
are you? No. Perfect.
What can I do for you, Mr. Frezelli?
The cable's out.
The TV, the modem, everything. Now, get
somebody up here, and tell 'em to hurry up.
NetCom Cable. How can I help you?
Hi. I'm up here at 3320
East Skyway, and the cable's just gone out.
- Our modem. Everything.
- Let's see, sir.
- I have Thursday between 9:00 and 3:00.
- That's gonna work.
Thank you. Guard just
called the cable company.
What time's the appointment?
Thursday between 9:00 and 3:00.
Hello?
I'm calling from NetCom Cable. I understand your
service is out, and there's an appointment set.
Yes. We have a technician
in your area...
who's finished with an appointment
earlier than expected.
- Will somebody be there for the next hour?
- Sure. That'd be great.
All right. Our technician will
see you then. Have a nice day.
Here's all
the paperwork you need.
Just get him to sign and
date at the bottom.
Let's check out the camera.
Stella, you'll
be going patriotic today.
Make sure you walk slowly,
or the image'll streak. Ow.
Ooh. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Sorry. Couldn't pin the corsage
on my prom date either.
- Oh, you had a prom date?
- Yeah. It was his cousin.
There's cable lines in the
kitchen, living room, bedroom,
and a cable modem on the
computer in the office.
You need to locate the
safe in the office.
- Okay.
- I think you're very brave going in there.
- I know it won't be easy.
- I second that.
It's gonna be fine.
What? You know what
"fine" stands for?
Freaked out, insecure, neurotic and
emotional. Neurotic and emotional.
You'll be great.
Yeah.
Good morning.
Can I see some I.D.?
Thanks for coming so soon.
It's part of the job.
All right.
Aston Martin Vanquish.
Looks like
that bastard took my car.
Nasty-ass dogs.
Hey! Hey!
Relax. Jesus Christ.
Come on. They won't
bother you now.
Come on.
House. Go on. Get out of here.
It's okay. I'm used to running into
all sorts of animals on my job.
Steve Frezelli.
Becky.
- Wanna show me that problem?
- Yeah. Of course. This way.
You have a really nice house. Yeah.
1922. All the original tiles.
Every stone in that courtyard hauled
from some monastery in Seville.
What a tactic.
Monastery. Monastery
for punk-ass creeps!
- You don't seem impressed.
- No. It's just that...
I don't think lugging rocks from one place
to another is quite that interesting.
Doesn't quite do it for me.
What does do it for you?
Um... TVs.
I have a monster TV.
- It's not working right now...
- You know, I should probably check out the cable modem.
Yeah? Yeah.
Right. Over here.
I paid 30 grand for some punk
kid to put this system in.
One day, it just goes out.
Ought to have him strung up.
- Here we go.
- There's our baby.
Man.
We got him.
- You got any wiring coming through here?
- There's no wiring in here.
Just right here?
Yeah.
- No explanation.
- Look at that. That's my NAD-T 770.
That's... That's my stereo.
I bet your customers are surprised when
they go to open the door and find you there.
- Oh, yeah.
- He's hitting on her.
There's no problem here. We
should maybe just check the TVs.
Okay.
Know what? I'm gonna
end this shit right now.
I'm blowin' this shit off the mountain.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
- I see you got the A.V.M. processor.
- Only the best.
Check the box.
I'm just gonna
reset your system.
Sometimes these
things just get jammed up, you know?
That should do it.
It's fixed?
- Turn her on. Let's see.
- Now.
Japan's Nikkei index...
Perfect.
Becky, huh?
Have we met before?
No. I don't think so.
If you can just sign there.
If I was to ask you out to dinner, would I
be the first of your customers to do that?
You asked your last cable
repair guy out for a date?
No. But the last one was, like, 300
pounds, had a handlebar mustache.
Not really my type. I don't
think it's a good idea.
What? Is that, like, some cable company
rule? No. Actually, it's my rule.
I don't go out with strange men.
I just met you.
So I guess I have to, like, sabotage my
cable until we get to know each other well.
- Have a nice day.
- Come on.
I'll be a perfect gentleman. Promise. I
won't even ask you for your phone number.
I'll just... I'll meet you
anywhere you wanna go.
Come on.
Break your rule... once.
It's just dinner.
Is that a yes?
You okay?
Yeah.
He touched my hand.
Came onto me.
Hey. At least I created a
window of opportunity, right?
When he goes out Friday night, we go in. By
the time he realizes you've stood him up,
we'll be long gone with our gold.
Yeah.
Make sure you shuffle
them cards this time, Left.
Hey, Lyle. What's the distance
between the front door and the vault?
You got that
loser's paranoia. Lyle!
- He only answers to the "Napster" now, Charlie.
- No.
- I'm not calling you the "Napster."
- Why? You call him "Left Ear."
Well, I am.
And him "Handsome Rob."
- That's because he is Handsome Rob.
- You can call me the "Napster."
Come on. They were at the same
college at the same time.
- Why are you encouraging this?
- It is a fact.
He was my roommate. He stole my ideas.
I am the Napster.
All right.
What is the distance between the
front door and the vault, Napster?
Farther than you wanna carry it.
Yeah, but so how do we get the gold
from the vault to the getaway car?
How wide is the hallway,
Napster?
Six feet.
Okay.
You got your gold.
We're going to need more
cars to handle the weight.
Looks like I'm gonna need some help with the
custom work too. I know a man for the job.
So I modified the camera to
include the lidar technology...
so we can create really
high-res digital maps.
Who's that?
Rob's mechanic friend.
Hey, Charlie.
Hey.
Charlie, this is Wrench.
Hey, what's up, man?
Rob tells me you got real talent.
I need some body work done.
I need to pack up to 2,700 pounds
of cargo in these Minis...
with enough suspension and horsepower
to outrun anything chasin' us.
2,700 pounds of what?
Whatever.
- So what do I get out of this mystery deal, man?
- 10,000.
All right.
♪ What comes around ♪
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. We
didn't get a chance to meet yet.
Wrench.
Ham and cheese.
Oh, that's cold.
Damn, that's cold. Mmm.
♪ What comes around ♪
♪ Just comes around ♪
You want all greens?
'Cause, uh... 'Cause you got 'em.
What do ya got?
Welcome to L.A.'s Automated Traffic
Surveillance and Control Operation Center.
See, they use video feeds from intersections,
and specifically designed algorithms...
to predict traffic conditions, and
thereby control traffic lights.
So, all I did was come up with my own...
kick-ass algorithms to sneak in,
and now we own the place.
Wanna do a dry run?
I thought you'd never ask!
- See, red light?
- Green light.
Danielson.
Yeah.
What's up with grid 34?
Let's check it out.
Hey. Hey.
Oh, oops. Did I... Oops. Wow. But
it's awesome. Is that not awesome?
Can you change it back now?
Yeah.
The lights are working fine.
Just an accident.
It's good.
What are those?
Unnecessary engine parts.
I lost your smog controls
and 200 pounds of body fat.
You got yourself
a sweet ride now, Charlie.
♪ Put the pedal to the metal
I'm off, never getting lost ♪
♪ Which way will I turn
when roads cross ♪
♪ Put the pedal to the metal
little more when it's scary ♪
♪ One thing's for sure
Keep my foot on the floor ♪
♪ Put the pedal to the metal
I'm off, never getting lost ♪
♪ Which way will I turn
when roads cross ♪
♪ Put the pedal to the metal
little more when it's scary ♪
♪ One thing's for sure
Keep my foot on the floor ♪
♪ Won't stop drivin'
till it's over ♪
♪ Still be cruisin'
when the sun goes down ♪
♪ Won't stop drivin'
till it's over ♪
♪ Put the pedal to the metal
I'm off, never getting lost ♪
♪ Which way will I turn
when roads cross ♪
♪ Put the pedal to the metal
little more when it's scary ♪
♪ One thing's for sure
Keep my foot on the floor ♪
You know what I'm
thinking about right now?
The look on Steve's face.
You're early.
I'm in a hurry.
Of course you know that the Florida vote
rigging was a CIA and mob operation.
Is that so? Yeah, which is
not so very different...
from when John F. Kennedy won a rigged
election with the help of his father.
You're uncomfortable
when I mention J.F.K.
No, Yevhen. I don't
like making two trips.
You Americans.
You love your heroes.
A holiday for Columbus?
He makes the wrong turn and wipes
out an entire indigenous people.
And you know what he was looking for?
I bet you're gonna tell me.
Gold. Supposedly
for Queen Isabella,
but don't think that the Medicis back in
Italy didn't want a part of that action.
And what did Italy
need gold for?
For the long distance
slave trade based in Venice.
Venice. That's where
these bricks...
You were saying something?
Nothing. No.
No, you were really on a roll there.
Don't stop. I'm interested.
Please. I-I'm confused.
My English...
You understand fine. Now, what
do you know about my gold?
No. I don't... Don't you even
think about lying to me.
Okay. Okay. I...
I heard a rumor...
about a heist in Venice.
Thirty five million in bricks,
with an imprint of a
Balinese dancer on them.
Who've you told?
No one.
Who have you told? No one!
No one, I swear to God!
You swear to God?
You crazy? I swear to God.
I didn't.
Well then,
I guess I believe you.
Yevhen?
Whoa, man!
Let's putt it this time.
Putt, not drive.
Very good.
You can get it. I know you can.
I know you can do it.
Much better.
Here to see Skinny Pete.
Yeah, he's over there.
Thanks, man.
Don't stare.
Huh?
Don't stare. He doesn't like when
people stare. Stare at what?
That was good. That was good. Try that one.
I know you're gonna get that one.
That was great.
Skinny Pete.
Yo, Charlie.
What's up, man?
How's it going?
So, was I right about the
gold bricks, or what?
Aw, I'm not here to talk about that.
We need, uh, some supplies.
Baby, go relax.
Baby?
Go relax.
Hmm.
Yo. Yo.
- Supplies.
- What's wrong?
Huh? Uh... Uh, some, uh...
Some Nitramin.
Uh, some, uh...
Some Nitramin, primer...
- What's wrong?
- Huh? - Yo.
Uh, nothing. I-I'm cool.
I-I'm great.
Uh, I just need some, uh...
big can, uh...
Nitramin, primer, detonating cord, Right.
Right, right.
Two triple charger chemical
grenades and a launcher.
Right. Like I had told you...
earlier.
All right.
Cost you about five Gs.
Done.
Call me.
Thanks, man. Sorry.
A-A-All right, man.
Peace.
Come on.
Get out.
There.
Vance has something to tell you.
Go on.
A couple weeks back...
I was working counter
of your cousin's shop.
A guy come in, was asking about
gold bricks, with Balinese dancers.
What did you tell him? I told
him that I'd seen the bricks.
I'm sorry.
What did this man look like?
He had, uh, long, black hair,
big tattoo on his neck.
- He must have weighed at least 400 pounds.
- I know that guy.
Baby, go relax.
- Do you know who I am?
- You're Mashkov.
That's right. You were
asking about gold bricks...
with a Balinese dancer on them.
Tell me why.
Steve just called to confirm his
8:00 reservation at the Water Grill.
Okay. Let's go over it
one more time.
Gas the guards,
doors open 8:15.
Safe popped by 8:25. Loaded by 8:35.
Out the door by 8:45.
Straight to Union Station. Only
green lights on your route.
The rest of the city's red. Cops are
stuck in traffic like everyone else.
Train leaves at 10:00. Cars have
to be on the carrier by 9:30.
Timing's gotta be dead on.
Let's get ready.
Let's get it.
Wow. That is a nice car. Sorry, Rob.
Coast is clear, guys.
This is it, guys...
the moment of truth.
What the hell is this?
Shit!
Steve's neighbor's
throwing a party.
Are you
here for the Baker party, sir?
No.
We're not blowing
any gates tonight, guys.
Too many witnesses. Stella...
I know. I know.
I'm late for my date.
Yeah, and you gotta be charming.
You need him
to ask you out again. Sorry.
I really can't
imagine you doing that.
What's that supposed to mean?
Well, you don't really seem like
the adventurous type, you know?
Don't let the cable uniform, you know,
throw you. I wasn't making assumptions.
I've made some
assumptions about you.
Oh, really?
And?
Mmm. You're just gonna
have to wait and see.
Mmm.
Why wait?
Let's get a check.
Let's go back to my place. No assumptions.
Not tonight.
It's late.
I should go home.
What, do you have a cable
company curfew? No,
but I've made
some bad calls in the past.
Hey... We should take this maybe
a little slower, you know?
This lovely dinner, sparkling
conversation, you still don't trust me?
Oh, no.
I trust everyone.
It's the devil inside
them I don't trust.
An interesting saying. It's charming.
Where'd you pick that up?
Can't remember.
Really?
I knew a guy who said it
exactly like that.
Really?
Yeah.
He was the only person I've ever heard
say that. He said it all the time.
His name was John Bridger.
You're hurting my wrist. He had a daughter.
She was your age.
Let go of my wrist. I knew that there
was something familiar about you.
You're exactly like
your old man, you know that?
I liked him too,
right from the start.
I liked him right up until
the minute I shot him.
Who are you working with?
She's with us.
- Gang's all here.
- You know the only thing worse than a thief, Bandell?
A coward.
Then you should've seen the way
your daddy begged for his life.
- It's not worth it.
- Put a leash on your cat.
Hey, Steve.
Charlie.
Not bad, Charlie.
Really. Not bad.
You have no idea how hard it is for
me not to reach across this table...
and kill you with my bare hands.
You know better than that, Charlie.
Can't let emotion into these things.
Tell me it wasn't about emotion when you
shot John and left us all for dead.
That wasn't about emotion. It was
about a lot of gold, and I wanted it.
Anything you think
you deserved, you didn't.
Hey, don't talk about right and wrong with
me, man, 'cause I just don't give a shit.
Okay?
You got your cards. I got my cards. We
made our play and I came out on top.
Now, if you wanna start
the game up again,
that's fine with me.
What... I mean, what is your
play here, really?
I mean, come on.
What do ya think?
You'll try to take out
my guards, right?
I have five of 'em
that you don't know about.
You'll try to have Lyle hack the system?
I'll change it again tomorrow morning.
W-W-What was your final move?
I mean, you were gonna have Bridger's
daughter come in and try to crack my safe?
I mean, that's... that's very poetic
and all, but I just don't see it.
I don't think she'll
get anywhere near it.
Same old Steve, huh? Always thinking defensively.
That's why you were always number two.
How do you figure that?
You got no imagination.
Couldn't even decide what to do with all that
money. You had to buy what everybody else wanted.
Oh, well, try this on in your imagination,
okay? That gold is already gone.
That's bullshit, Steve. No, really.
It's over, Charlie.
I'm tryin' to move
the last two bricks.
You wanna come after me over a couple lousy
bricks? I mean, really. Be my guest.
But you're off to a bad start.
You know?
You just blew the best thing you had going for
you. You just blew the element of surprise.
Oh!
Surprised?
It's over when I say it's over.
Are you all right, sir?
How you doin'?
Good,
considering...
considering the fact that I'm doing
all of this for a man I barely knew.
You know what bothered me
all those years, Charlie?
It was that...
whenever he'd call me to tell me
that he was on some job,
I knew you were
right there with him.
You got to know him
a lot better than I did.
Just 'cause he was around me more doesn't mean
he wasn't thinking about you all the time.
Be nice if it was true.
It is true.
He always regretted not having been a
good enough father to you, Stella.
How do you know that?
Because he told me.
What did you do to your hand?
I punched Steve. And why do you
get to punch him and I don't?
Those hands are way to valuable.
Hey.
Okay?
There'll be nothing left of
that if you keep rubbing it.
Tell Mr. Frezelli
we'll see him at 8:00.
Charlie?
He's flying the coop.
- When?
- His security guard called...
for a private helicopter
at 4:00 p.m.
There's an armored car service
coming to his house at 5:00.
There is a cargo plane, scheduled to
depart LAX at 8:00 p.m. to Mexico City.
What if he's moving
the safe as a diversion?
We crack it, it's empty,
the gold's somewhere else.
Steve's not about to let
that gold out of his sight.
It's gonna be in that truck. He's gonna
be watching it from the helicopter.
So, the gold's headed to Mexico.
Who knows where? They could change the
flight plan in mid... Slow down. Slow down.
You are lookin' at this the wrong way.
This is good news for us.
- What do you mean "good news"?
- We've been trying to get to the safe.
Now the safe is coming to us.
We're gonna boost it in transit.
He could take a dozen different routes to
the airport. We have no idea which one.
We can't take out an armored
truck during rush hour.
We're already set up to do it.
Napster, gridlock every route
except for the one we choose.
Force that truck to go exactly
the way we want it to go.
Where do we want it to go? We can't have
a shoot-out without guns. We'd lose.
We'll do it
like the Italian job.
- Hello?
- Why'd you do it?
- Do what?
- Yevhen. You didn't have to clip him.
Whoa. What are you talking
about? We didn't clip anybody.
Yevhen's cousin is under the
distinct impression that you did.
Why does he think that?
Because you wanted to know...
about the gold
with the Balinese dancer.
You told him that?
Listen to me, man.
If there's one thing
that I know,
it's never to mess with Mother Nature,
mother-in-laws or mother-freaking-Ukrainians.
Look, I need a favor.
- Yeah?
- I had a hiccup last night. Could use some help.
More hands-on this time. You interested?
Could be.
But, I don't like to be kept
in the dark. If I'm in, I'm in.
Okay. You're in.
All right.
What do ya think, Charlie?
This'll work.
Let's go.
You're amazing. It's a
work of genius. Uh-huh.
You okay?
Just give me a moment.
Now?
I'm about to insert this pin
into this detonator tube,
and if the brass touches the sides, we'll
both be the last people we ever see.
Take all the time you need.
Hey, Charlie.
What?
I love you, man.
I love you too.
Okay. Okay.
Your attention, please.
Metrolink train number 774...
will arrive
in approximately 15 minutes.
Check positions.
Napster?
I'm in position.
- Handsome Rob?
- We're in position. Everything's quiet here.
Wrench?
Set.
Charlie, we've got
an uninvited visitor.
There's a motorcycle guard
following the truck.
We'll deal with it.
- Who are these cats?
- What's wrong?
Charlie, you won't believe this. He's
brought in three armored trucks.
It's a shell game.
Shell game now.
Well, boss, I can't reroute the truck
if I don't know which truck to reroute.
Go with the one Steve
follows with the helicopter.
Remember he said he'd never
let that gold out of his sight.
Unless he's playing us,
and he is.
Okay, let's move!
Movin' out!
Here we go.
They're pulling out.
Napster? Pull up the traffic
cameras you're watching.
Where's the first camera
the trucks go past?
Vine and Yucca.
They're all gonna cross there.
See which one's riding low.
First one wasn't it.
The first two
are the same, so...
Houston, we have our truck.
It is number 128.
We're moving out.
Three kilo fox to two fox
mike, we're heading to the airport.
Hmm. Okay, guys. Truck 128
has turned right, heading west.
Gridlock time.
We've crashed!
It's not a crash.
We've got power.
I can't log in.
They are about to hit a major
detour and be sent your way.
Oops.
You'll... never... shut down...
the real... Napster.
What's going on?
What's your problem?
Truck 128,
what is your progress?
This is truck 128. Traffic's outta control
here. We gotta look for another route.
Check the police band.
Okay, I'm opening up
a space on Highland.
Oh, get us outta here.
I'm tryin'.
And he's takin' it.
Police scanners are saying computers
are down in Traffic Control Center.
Nice, Charlie.
What are you up to?
Go back.
I now command you to turn left.
Come on, take the left!
Yeah, you did. You did.
Give us the flag.
Metro just passed through the station.
You are clear for 90 seconds.
Go.
Come on, Steve.
Whoa! Whoa!
Thirty seconds and counting.
Fifteen seconds. You're either blocked
in or you're paint on the train.
Go. Go. Go! Go! Go!
Stay right on me.
This is gonna be tight!
Go! Go! Go!
You're gonna stop right there.
Okay, guys.
Coming into position.
Stay cool.
Ten, nine,
eight, seven,
six, five,
- four...
- Don't lose him. Don't lose him!
Three, two,
one.
What?
Damn.
Where's my truck? What the
fuck happened to my truck?
- It just blew right through the street!
- Well, get under there!
- We have another problem, guys.
- What?
- This isn't the Worthington 1,000.
- He switched safes on us.
- Can you do it?
It's Israeli made. It's got
a glass relock system.
There's a pane of glass
right here behind this door,
and if I don't drill
perfectly through that hole,
steel rods snap into place
and you can't open the safe.
Then we're up shit creek.
I think I just
cracked the glass.
I don't think it broke, though.
I can't drill it again.
I have to do it by touch.
I can't get through.
The train's blocking the tunnel.
- Quick, where does the Metro Rail come above ground?
- Eleventh and Fig.
Positions two and three,
meet at 11th and Figueroa.
Double back to Hollywood
and Highland. Hurry up!
Your attention, please.
Baggage for train number 22...
is now available
at carousel number four.
Baggage for train number 22 is
now available at carousel four.
I can't do this, Charlie.
Stella.
I can't do it. I need a drill, a borescope,
something. I need to get in there.
- You don't need any of that.
- Come on, Charlie.
Hey, you can do this.
- Slide.
- Come on. Come on.
Hey! Don't you want
to see what's inside?
Absolutely.
Napster. Yeah.
Thirteen across,
four high, four deep.
That's, uh, 208 bricks.
- How much?
- Oh, uh, 208 times 27...
Two point seven...
Two point seven million.
What?
No, it's 27. It's 27 million.
It's $27 million worth of gold!
Ha ha!
Yeah!
Got the... holy spirit.
You should get on it.
It's a good train.
Ha ha ha!
What did you think, John?
Twenty seven million.
Say it again. Say it again!
Say it again!
Twenty seven million!
There are two motorcycles
on us, Charlie.
I got three Minis in a storm drain
heading east towards the L.A. River.
Stop them before
they get to the street.
Damn it!
Whoa!
Here we go!
Whoo!
Rob, whoa!
Open your door!
Come on, guys!
We're moving.
There. There, there,
there, there, there.
Hey! Come on! Come on! Look out!
Come on!
Where you goin'?
I'm gonna take Steve. You guys go straight
to Union Station. I'll meet you there.
Stay on him.
Stay on him!
Okay, Charlie. I'm opening up
a spot on lower Grand.
I know it's you, Charlie.
Take the next left.
Nice move, Steve.
Get out! Get out! Okay!
I said, "Get out!"
They got a bunch
of cars in there, right?
Mini Coopers?
Look, man.
I don't know anything... Hey, hey, hey.
Don't worry about them.
I'll give you five grand if
you put me inside that car.
Buy your girlfriend
something nice.
Come on.
Half now, half when you
help me unload.
I gotta hand it to you, Steve. You
actually played this one pretty smart.
Decoy trucks, switched safes, helicopter
routine... I mean, that was pretty damn good.
But now I've got the gold,
and you? You've got nothing.
I got this, so cut the crap,
and gimme my goddamn gold!
Who the hell are you?
I am Mashkov, and you
killed my cousin Yevhen.
Gotta have
some insurance, Steve.
Yevhen was already dead
when I got there.
I'm sorry 'bout that. Yevhen dealt with
unsavory people. This guy's tryin' to play you.
You are right...
no imagination.
There's a lot of gold in there. We're the only
ones with guns. I'll make you a good deal.
I've already made my deal.
What do you want? You know
this was never about the gold.
Whatever helps you sleep
at night, sweetheart.
Son of a bitch!
Charlie! Come on!
Stella.
Wait a minute!
I'll double whatever he's given you.
Just don't shoot me.
Don't worry.
I'm not going to shoot you.
No, I am going to take you
to my workplace.
I think you would be very interested
in some of the machinery I use.
Oh, come on.
Guys, I wanna make a toast.
To John Bridger, the most
brilliant master planner of all,
- father and friend.
- To John.
Stella was right.
It wasn't about the money.
Course, that didn't stop the guys
from having a little bit of fun.
♪ Money, get away ♪ Handsome
Rob got his Aston Martin.
♪ Get a
good job with good pay ♪
He took it for a ride to break it in.
♪ And you're okay ♪
♪ Money ♪
♪ It's a gas ♪
♪ Grab that cash with both
hands and make a stash ♪
He got off with a warning.
♪ New car, caviar ♪
♪ Four-star daydream ♪ Left Ear got his
dream house in the south of Spain,
♪ Think I'll buy me a football team
♪ with a room just for his shoes.
- Buenos días.
♪ Money ♪
♪ Get back ♪ Lyle finally
made the cover of Wired Magazine.
♪ I'm all right, Jack Keep your hands off
my stack ♪ Are you really the Napster?
♪ Money ♪
Yes, I am.
And he got that kick-ass
stereo he wanted,
Um, would you listen
to something for me?
With speakers so loud, they could
blow a woman's clothes off.
♪ I'm in the high-fidelity ♪
If you would.
♪ First-class traveling set ♪
♪ And I think I need a Lear jet
And me? I took
John Bridger's advice.
I found somebody I want to spend
the rest of my life with,
and I'm gonna hold
onto her forever.
♪ Money ♪
♪ It's a crime ♪
♪ Share it fairly but don't
take a slice of my pie ♪
♪ Money ♪
♪ So they say ♪
♪ Is the root
of all evil today ♪
♪ But if you ask
for a rise ♪
♪ It's no surprise that
they're giving none away ♪
♪ Away, away ♪
♪ Away, away, away, away ♪